Ok so I'm gonna try to hit everything I've done so far. So currently the app is in theory only for people with a umich.edu account on their phone, and it basically works like Ebay. You bid on a ticket if you want to buy it, and the person selling the ticket can accept the highest offer they get. It's pretty straightforward, although I am thinking this might not be the best way to do it. Anyways there are 6 activities, I commented what each of them is for in the code, hopefully it's pretty clear. I am using this service called Parse for the database. Go to parse.com and I will text you my username and password. They have really good documentation for their API and it's easy to use so it shouldn't take too long to pick that up. Btw this is a public project on github because they make you pay for a private one and I don't wanna do that, so just keep that in mind before you put any/all of your darkest secrets on here.

The only bugs that are left as far as I know are sometimes the activity loads before the database updates so the new data isn't there yet. Also sometimes it crashes when you turn your phone to horizontal view and then back to vertical. As far as the idea itself goes, I am starting to think there should be some sort of Instant Messaging built in so people can agree on the time and location to meet, since the way I have it set up now sucks droopy dick. The Ebay style might not be the best either, not sure if doing it like Amazon would be better where there is just 1 fixed price with first come first serve. Please tell me if my ideas are retarded.
